MTL-2423 XFS Hotfix for CSM 1.4 (#47)
Cray-HPE/csm-hotfixes: csm-1.4/MTL-2423-xfs-opts/README.md

# CSM 1.4 XFS Mount Options

This hotfix fixes lengthy IMS jobs that occur after upgrading to COS 2.5 that can be attributed to the XFS mount options present on NCN Kubernetes nodes.

The hotfix will

- Munge all XFS mount points defined in `/etc/fstab.metal`with the fixed mount options
- Deploy a new `csm-config` for including a newer `dracut-metal-mdsquash` RPM in image builds that contain the mount options
- Updates cray-product-catalog
- Updates CFS configurations for NCNs
- Builds new NCN images

## JIRAs

This hotfix covers the following JIRAs:

> * [MTL-2423](https://jira-pro.it.hpe.com:8443/browse/MTL-2423)

Reviewer: Technically this hotfix also contains the changes for CASMINST-6896: Support for multiple GPG keys. It may be worth mentioning, since we have a separate hotfix out there for just that, and you wouldn't want to apply them separately if you want both of them.

Author: This hotfix only contains _some_ of those changes, it contains a newer `csm-config` but it does not contain the bits necessary for applying the new keys.

That being said, this hotfix needs to be ran _after_ the other hotfix, if they are ran in a different order then CASMINST-6896 will undo this hotfix by rolling csm-config backwards.

It's a bit tedious to have the hotfixes separate, but I don't imagine we'll get the approval to merge the two together. I also just completed testing, and as much as I want to make these better I am not keen on signing up for another go. :(

I'll update the directions here to require the other hotfix.

## Usage

This hotfix is two-fold; fix the running NCNs, and rebuild images for  

1. Live patch the non-compute nodes.

    ```bash
    ./install-hotfix.sh
    ```

1. Execute a rolling reboot of the non-compute nodes in order to apply the new XFS mount options.

>     Use the documentation in docs-csm for a rolling reboot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    See [Reboot NCNs](https://github.com/Cray-HPE/docs-csm/blob/release/1.4/operations/node_management/Reboot_NCNs.md) in the CSM documentation for instructions.
```

1. After completing the rolling reboot, patch the NCN images.

    ```bash
    ./install-hotfix.sh -b
    ```

At this point, the cray-product-catalog is now updated to use the new csm-config as well as all CSM layers in all CFS configurations.

> Administrators can now rebuild images against their desired CFS configuration to pickup the hotfix changes. This must be done before the next node rebuild.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Administrators can now rebuild images against their desired CFS configuration to pickup the hotfix changes.
See [Management Node Image Customization](https://github.com/Cray-HPE/docs-csm/blob/release/1.4/operations/configuration_management/Management_Node_Image_Customization.md) in the CSM documentation for more information.
This must be done before the next node rebuild.
```
